Change home-robot to optional dep (#1183)
facebookresearch/habitat-lab: README.md

      cd habitat-lab
      pip install -e habitat-lab  # install habitat_lab
      ```

>       Note: To enable continuous robot base action spaces, install habitat-lab with the "continuous_control" option
>       ```
>       pip install -e "habitat-lab[continuous_control]"
>       ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note: To enable continuous robot base action spaces, install habitat-lab with the "home_robot" option
      ```
      pip install -e "habitat-lab[home_robot]"
      ```

```
